When people talk about Modern C++,
they're often referring to the C++ 11 release,
which introduced a whole range of new features into the programming language.
Move semantics, variadic templates,
initializer lists, the auto keyword,
lambda expressions, null pointer,
constant expression, range-based four loops, and smart pointers,
all came into the C++ programming language as part
of C++ 11 and changed the language dramatically.
C++ 14 was a relatively minor release,
and C++ 17 was a major release,
although not as big as the C++ 11 release.
C++ 17 includes standard file system within the standard library,
standard string view, parallel implementations of
many of the standard library algorithms, and inline variables.
C++ 20 is scheduled as a minor release but will contain concepts
which are an important tool for improving generic programming with templates in C++.